 		 PROJECT1-TEXT PROCESSING COMMAND LINE DRIVEN PROGRAM

This command line driven program interacts with the user only through its command
line.Once it is launched, a command line driven program runs to completion without
further user interaction.

----------------
EXAMPLE
----------------

The three valid command line forms for the program shall be:

    1.  txtproc inputfile [ /C /H /L /O /R ]
    2.  txtproc
    3.  txtproc /?

		PROJECT2-C++ PROGRAM THAT PLAYS GAME OF 26

--------------
The Game of 26
--------------

The Game of 26 is a card game played with one deck of shuffled cards.

There are two players.

A game consists of 7 hands and the player who has won the most hands, wins the
game.  If a tie occurs, more hands are played until a clear winner emerges (this
condition is often called "sudden death").

Each player is dealt a hand of 5 cards.

The number of points for each card is given in the followin table:

    CARD     POINTS
    -----    -------------------
    "Ace"    Counts as 1  point
    "2"      Counts as 2  points
    "3"      Counts as 3  points
    "4"      Counts as 4  points
    "5"      Counts as 5  points
    "6"      Counts as 6  points
    "7"      Counts as 7  points
    "8"      Counts as 8  points
    "9"      Counts as 9  points
    "10"     Counts as 10 points
    "Jack"   Counts as 10 points
    "Queen"  Counts as 10 points
    "King"   Counts as 10 points

The total points for a hand is found by adding together the points for each
card.

For example, if a hand consists of:

    Ace of Diamonds
    Ace of Spades
    7 of Hearts
    8 of Clubs
    Jack of Hearts

the point total for the hand is:  1 + 1 + 7 + 8 + 10 = 27.

The objective for each hand is to construct a hand with a point total as close
to 26 as possible.

The winning hand belongs to the player that has a point total closest to 26.

It does not matter if the total points in the hand are under or over 26, it is
the closeness to 26 that matters.

If there is a tie, no player wins the hand.

PROJECT3-Database design and implementatioN, Stored program development, Database administration

the database design including tables, fields, relationships and sample data;
the scope of 3 store programs;
the Database Administrators responsibilities for implementing and maintaining the database; i.e. monitoring the server, securing the database, and a backup and restore plan.
EER diagram of the Capital College student organization database.
Script for creating the database.
Script for creating a view.

PROJECT4- Geographic Information System-Map on Food Desert in Reno, Nevada using ArcMap

PROJECT5- SchoolGroup - Volunteer web developer

PROJECT6- Human Rights Connected- Volunteer web developer
